Q: What is the default branch of a git repository called?
A:The default branch name in Git is master.

Q: How do you change branches using git?
A: Use the “git switch” command and specify the name of the branch you want to switch to.

Q: What is the command that allows you to create a local repository from a remote repository?
A: To start to work with Git is either clone (GIT clone) a remote source code repository or create your own new local repository. (GIT init)

Q: How do you check the status of the working directory of the local repository?
A:git status

Q: What sequence of commands allows me to share new changes in a local repository with an (already configured) remote repository?
A:The git pull command is used to fetch and download content from a remote repository and immediately update the local repository to match that content.

Q: What is the value of the expression (true && false)?
A: --?--

Q: How can you write `i = i + 1` more concisely?
A:i++

Q: What does the term "concatenation" mean?
A:Joining two strings together.

Q: Why is the check for "equals" with (object == object) not reliable? What should you use for check of equal objects?
A: --?--

Q: What Collection implementation is ordered, but not sorted?
A: --?--

Q: What Collection implementation has only unique elements?
A: HashSet

Q: How can we find out the number of elements of an array named "students"?
A: --?--

Q: How can we find out the number of elements of a list named "students"?
A: Iterating through the list and accessing each item. // using the len(list) function.

Q: In Java, what happens if I divide by Zero (eg. 8 / 0)?
A: undefined

Q: How can you check if File quiz = new File("quiz.txt") exists?
A: --?--

Q: Depending on some attributes, an object should return isAllowed(). Should the method be static or not, why?
A: --?--

Q: What is the signature of the `main` method of a class?
A: public static void main(String a[]) is the main entry point signature

Q: What is an instance of a class?
A: An object obj that belongs to a class Circle, for example, is an instance of the class Circle.

Q: Which naming rule should you apply to the naming of a class?
A: Names should be in CamelCase

Q: Why should the usage of java.util.Date be avoided?
A: --?--

Q: What Java class do you use to store the Date "31.10.2021"?
A: java.util package (Java provides the Date class available in java. util package, this class encapsulates the current date and time.)

Q: What is the advantage of using Generics?
A: --?--
